Notes Doc

Purpose
This doc is for leaving notes and writing ideas down and explaining if necessary
what changes you made since it's probably less intrusive and more convienent then
using a messaging program to write out explanations and reasoning here.

CL - 7.21.18 - 9am
I added to the list a few other data structures and claimed a few. I thought it
would be cool if we implemented some of the basic ones in different ways too since
it may be a challenge. Also I was thinking in the spirit of competition but not actually
competition and also in the spirit of creating new data structures, it would be cool
to create Challenges or Scenarios where we both could design an algorithm to solve
a problem. For example, a Scenario could be, you are programming a mars rover,
the rover collects data about rocks, like size, color, so on, you need to record
the data and send only the most important or interesting observations you find,
aka don't send two thousand entries of the same rock. Something like that. That may
have not been the best example but I think you get the idea. Nevertheless, in terms
of claiming data structures, I think we should claim them to get all of them implemented
first but after that if we want to reimplement any of them than that's fine we can just
either package it or namespace it or whichever mechanism you can do that in Java.
Anyways, I think that's all I have to say for now.

AH - 7.21.18 - 9:50am

Neat idea for the challenges, probably best to wait until after we implement everything and then see if we can figure out use cases for crazy things in these challenges we set for ourselves.   Some overlap is probably good too - I definitely want to take a shot at a red-black tree, apparently they're very common in actual usage.  But I agree, let's get through the list first and go from there

Also I'm trying to figure out in Java how to measure the size of a single object - could be really interesting information, but it's not simple given the auto-GC and all the memory management that Java does.  If you wanna track that down too feel free, otherwise I'll get back to you with results